                          Sárah Elizabéth Adams Senior
                                 1930 Second St
                                    Unit 15-A
                        San Raton, California 99109-2212
                                        
                             Telefono: 417.555.1413
                             Email: sgurl@yahoo.com
                         URL: http://geocities.com/sgurl

Obiettivo:
    
    Assistant manager or manager at fast food chain.
    Either that, or owner of beauty salon.


Istruzione:

    MBA in Business Administration, May 1989, 
    Institute for the Administration of Business.
    -    Geeba geeba!
    
    B.Ph. in Business Administration, May 1990, 
    Advanced Institute for the Administration of Business.
    -    Geeba geeba!
    
    
    Well, what can I say, really?
    They were both nice schools.

Esperienze Professionali:
    
    Stylist
    LA Salon
    August 1978-September 1979
    
    LA Salon was the major source of personal grooming for the stars of
    Hollywood. Located in Burbank near several important studios, it
    provided hair, skin, and nail care services.
    We also served the more well-to-do residents of Burbank, and Glendale.
    
    Progettos:
    
    * Hair revitalization campaign of 1997
    * Sales booster campaign of 1998
    Successos:
    
    * Styled *Sean Connery's* hair.
    * Got good tips.
    
    
    Customer Service Relations Expert
    MacDonald's
    presente-presente
    
    MacDonald's was a restaurant that provided food for those who needed a
    fast lunch or dinner. I served as the *primary* point through which
    customers interacted in order to select food items.
    Please note that this restaurant is *not* to be confused with
    McDonald's.
    
    
    

Computer Experience:
    Languages and Software: Java, C++, C, XML, XSL, SGML, HTML, CSS, Docbook, J2EE, Servlets, JSP, Jini, CORBA, RPC, RMI, Apache, iPlanet, TCP/IP, JDBC, Oracle, Progress, SQL, Tcl, sh, csh (Python to a small degree), Swing, AWT, Tk, Xlib, Unix systems programming, Posix thread programming, JNI, PostScript page description language, TeX typesetting language
    Development Techniques: Unified Modeling Language (Booch et al.), Refactoring (Fowler), Design Patterns (Gamma et al.), Analysis Patterns (under study)
    Hardware: TINI, One-Wire, iButtons, MicroLAN, Sun/SPARC, Intel PC architecture, HP 9000/700 & 800 series, Routers, terminal servers, PostScript laser printers
    Operating Systems: Windows, FreeBSD, Linux, Solaris, HP/UX, SGI Irix
  
Methodologies and Practices:
    Cleanroom Software Engineering (Harlan Mills and
    	    Allan Stavely), Unified Software Development Process (Jacobson et al.), PSP: Personal Software Process (Software Engineering
    	    Institute), XP: Extreme Programming (under study)
  
Documenti:
    
    Kelly, S.: 2001: Creating Technical Documentation with DocBook. Inside
    XML Solutions, volume 1, issue 8.
    
    Tilset Teemson, , Xavier Xevvinson. "Gronkulating the Frobnicator".
    Proceedings of the 3rd Annual Rebbilation Society. 2163. 172.


Varie:
        
    For each operand that names a file of a type other than directory, ls
    displays its name as well as any requested, associated information. For
    each operand that names a file of type directory, ls displays the names
    of files contained within that directory, as well as any requested,
    asso- ciated information.
    If no operands are given, the contents of the current directory are
    dis- played. If more than one operand is given, non-directory operands
    are displayed first; directory and non-directory operands are sorted
    sepa- rately and in lexicographical order.
Memberships:

    Grand Poobah, The Odd Fellows, August 1978-September 1979
    The da driver provides support for all SCSI devices of the direct
    access class that are attached to the system through a supported SCSI
    Host Adapter. The direct access class includes disk, magneto-optical,
    and solid-state devices.
    A SCSI Host adapter must also be separately configured into the system
    before a SCSI direct access device can be configured.

    Lesser Poobah, The Even Fellows, presente-presente
    The sa driver is based around the concept of a ``mount session'', which
    is defined as the period between the time that a tape is mounted, and
    the time when it is unmounted. Any parameters set during a mount
    session re- main in effect for the remainder of the session or until
    replaced. The tape can be unmounted, bringing the session to a close in
    several ways.



Riferimentos:

    Indiana O'Brien
    
    Telefono: 408.555.1296
    
    Web Melgood
    3090 Deltoid
    Santa Yorba, CA 95022
    USA
    
    
    

