                     Sárah Elizabéth Adams Senior  - Résumé
Contact Information: 
Sárah Elizabéth Adams Senior
1930 Second St
Unit 15-A
99109-2212 San Raton
California

Phone: 417.555.1413
Email: sgurl@yahoo.com
URL: http://geocities.com/sgurl

Professional Objective:
    
    Assistant manager or manager at fast food chain.
    Either that, or owner of beauty salon.


Academics:

    MBA in Business Administration, May 1989, 
    Institute for the Administration of Business.
    -    Geeba geeba!
    
    B.Ph. in Business Administration, May 1990, 
    Advanced Institute for the Administration of Business.
    -    Geeba geeba!
    
    
    Well, what can I say, really?
    They were both nice schools.

Employment History:
    
    Stylist
    LA Salon
    August 1978September1979-
    
    LA Salon was the major source of personal grooming for the stars of
    Hollywood. Located in Burbank near several important studios, it
    provided hair, skin, and nail care services.
    We also served the more well-to-do residents of Burbank, and Glendale.
    
    * Styled *Sean Connery's* hair.
    * Got good tips.
    
    
    Customer Service Relations Expert
    MacDonald's
    Present-Present
    
    
    

Computer Experience:
    Languages and Software: Java, C++, C, XML, XSL, SGML, HTML, CSS, Docbook, J2EE, Servlets, JSP, Jini, CORBA, RPC, RMI, Apache, iPlanet, TCP/IP, JDBC, Oracle, Progress, SQL, Tcl, sh, csh (Python to a small degree), Swing, AWT, Tk, Xlib, Unix systems programming, Posix thread programming, JNI, PostScript page description language, TeX typesetting language
    Development Techniques: Unified Modeling Language (Booch et al.), Refactoring (Fowler), Design Patterns (Gamma et al.), Analysis Patterns (under study)
    Hardware: TINI, One-Wire, iButtons, MicroLAN, Sun/SPARC, Intel PC architecture, HP 9000/700 & 800 series, Routers, terminal servers, PostScript laser printers
    Operating Systems: Windows, FreeBSD, Linux, Solaris, HP/UX, SGI Irix
  
Methodologies and Practices:
    Cleanroom Software Engineering (Harlan Mills and
    	    Allan Stavely), Unified Software Development Process (Jacobson et al.), PSP: Personal Software Process (Software Engineering
    	    Institute), XP: Extreme Programming (under study)
  
Publications:
    
    Kelly, S.: 2001: Creating Technical Documentation with DocBook. Inside
    XML Solutions, volume 1, issue 8.
    
    Crichton, D., Kelly, S., Hughes, S., Tran, T., 2001: Object Oriented
    Data Technology for Space Science Data Archiving and Retrieval:
    Potential Applications for Bioinformatics. First JPL Information
    Technology Symposium, Pasadena, Jet Propulsion Laboratory.
    
    Kelly, S., 2001: Using XSL Formatting Objects. Inside XML Solutions,
    volume 1, issue 6.
    
    Crichton, D.; Hughes, J.; Kelly, S.; Hardman, S., 2000: A Distributed
    Component Framework for Science Data Product Interoperability. 17th
    International CODATA Conference, Baveno, International Council for
    Science.
    
    Hughes, J.; Crichton, D.; Hyon, J.; Kelly, S., 2000: A Multi-Discipline
    Metadata Registry for Science Interoperability. Open Forum on Metadata
    Registries, ISO/IEC JTC1/SC32, Data Management and Interchange.
    
    Crichton, D.; Hughes, J.; Hyon, J.; Kelly, S., 1999: Science Search and
    Retrieval using XML. Second National Conference on Scientific and
    Technical Data, Washington DC, National Academy of Sciences.
    
    Kelly, S., 1997: The Application Interface for the WFO-Advanced
    Forecaster Workstation, D2D. Preprints, 13th International Conference
    on Interactive Information and Processing Systems for Meteorology,
    Oceanography, and Hydrology, Long Beach, American Meteorological
    Society.
    
    Kelly, S., 1997: An Object-Oriented Framework for Local Extensions to
    the WFO-Advanced Forecaster Display Workstation, D2D. Preprints, 13th
    International Conference on Interactive Information and Processing
    Systems for Meteorology, Oceanography, and Hydrology, Long Beach,
    American Meteorological Society.
    
    Kelly, S., 1996: Terminals with FreeBSD. The FreeBSD Handbook, The
    FreeBSD Project, Incorporated.
    
    Kelly, S., 1996: Printing with FreeBSD. The FreeBSD Handbook, The
    FreeBSD Project, Incorporated.


Miscellany:
        
    For each operand that names a file of a type other than directory, ls
    displays its name as well as any requested, associated information. For
    each operand that names a file of type directory, ls displays the names
    of files contained within that directory, as well as any requested,
    asso- ciated information.
    If no operands are given, the contents of the current directory are
    dis- played. If more than one operand is given, non-directory operands
    are displayed first; directory and non-directory operands are sorted
    sepa- rately and in lexicographical order.
Memberships:

    Grand Poobah, The Odd Fellows, August 1978September1979-
    The da driver provides support for all SCSI devices of the direct
    access class that are attached to the system through a supported SCSI
    Host Adapter. The direct access class includes disk, magneto-optical,
    and solid-state devices.
    A SCSI Host adapter must also be separately configured into the system
    before a SCSI direct access device can be configured.

    Lesser Poobah, The Even Fellows,  Present-
    The sa driver is based around the concept of a ``mount session'', which
    is defined as the period between the time that a tape is mounted, and
    the time when it is unmounted. Any parameters set during a mount
    session re- main in effect for the remainder of the session or until
    replaced. The tape can be unmounted, bringing the session to a close in
    several ways.


